docs: fix inaccuracies vs. Enterprise Server ground truth (Azure DevOps extension, etc.) (#258)
pixee/docs: docs/enterprise/byom.md

Author: take out these changes

Author: Reverted these changes. Addressed in https://github.com/pixee/docs/commit/d09f4d02c9362653ab17f5e7168474af60adf5fd

track: leader
content_type: guide
seo_title: Bring Your Own Model - Choose Your LLM Provider for Pixee

> description: Configure Pixee with your preferred LLM provider. Supports OpenAI, Anthropic, Azure OpenAI / Azure AI Foundry, Azure Anthropic, Databricks, OCI Generative AI, and any OpenAI-compatible endpoint.

Author: ```suggestion
description: Configure Pixee with your preferred LLM provider. Supports OpenAI, Anthropic, Azure AI Foundry, AWS Bedrock, Google Vertex AI, and more with hierarchical model routing.
```

Author: Reverted — original description restored. Addressed in https://github.com/pixee/docs/commit/d09f4d02c9362653ab17f5e7168474af60adf5fd
